[UR][layer] Add exception sanitizer layer (#2216)
oneapi-src/unified-runtime: CMakeLists.txt

option(UR_ENABLE_TRACING "enable api tracing through xpti" OFF)
option(UR_ENABLE_SANITIZER "enable device sanitizer" ON)
option(UR_ENABLE_SYMBOLIZER "enable symoblizer for sanitizer" OFF)

> option(UR_ENABLE_EXCEPTION_SANITIZER "enable exception sanitizer" OFF)

Reviewer: Not sure we need a separate option, we could always enable this as part of `UR_DEVELOPER_MODE` since that's enabled in CI.

Author: Thanks, have removed.

    endif()
endif()

> if(UR_ENABLE_EXCEPTION_SANITIZER)
>     if(APPLE)
>         message(WARNING "Exception sanitizer layer isn't supported on macOS")
>         set(UR_ENABLE_EXCEPTION_SANITIZER OFF)
>     elseif(WIN32)
>         message(WARNING "Exception sanitizer layer isn't supported on Windows")
>         set(UR_ENABLE_EXCEPTION_SANITIZER OFF)
>     else()
>         add_compile_definitions(UR_ENABLE_EXCEPTION_SANITIZER)
>     endif()
> endif()

Reviewer: Always enable building the layer on Linux when developer mode is enabled.

```suggestion
if(UR_DEVELOPER_MODE AND CMAKE_SYSTEM_NAME STREQUAL Linux)
    set(UR_ENABLE_EXCEPTION_SANITIZER ON)
    add_compile_definitions(UR_ENABLE_EXCEPTION_SANITIZER)
endif()
```
